ENH: `case_sensitive` param for `match_streaminfos` (#134)
xdf-modules/pyxdf: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED] - YYYY-MM-DD
### Added

> - Add new `case_sensitive` parameter to `match_streaminfos`, defaulting to `False` to maintain previous behavior; when `False`, stream properties are matched more leniently ([#134](https://github.com/xdf-modules/pyxdf/pull/134) by [Stefan Appelhoff](https://github.com/sappelhoff))

Reviewer: You are right, thanks for spotting this! Do you want to open a PR?

## [UNRELEASED] - YYYY-MM-DD
### Added

> - `match_streaminfos` now has an additional parameter `case_sensitive` which defaults to `True`, maintaining backward compatibility.
>   Setting it to `False` allows for matching more leniently. ([#134](https://github.com/xdf-modules/pyxdf/pull/134) by [Stefan Appelhoff](https://github.com/sappelhoff))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new `case_sensitive` parameter to `match_streaminfos`, defaulting to `False` to maintain previous behavior; when `False`, stream properties are matched more leniently ([#134](https://github.com/xdf-modules/pyxdf/pull/134) by [Stefan Appelhoff](https://github.com/sappelhoff))
```
